Support virtual wans (#417)
inspec/inspec-azure: docs/resources/azure_virtual_wans.md

## Syntax

An `azure_virtual_wans` resource block returns all Azure Virtual WANs in a subscription.

```ruby
describe azure_virtual_wans do
  #...
end
```

## Properties

|Property            | Description                                        | Filter Criteria<superscript>*</superscript> |
|--------------------|----------------------------------------------------|-----------------|
| ids                | A list of the unique resource ids.                 | `id`            |
| names              | A list of names for all the Resources.             | `name`          |
| etags              | A list of etag for all the Resources.              | `etag`          |
| types              | A list of types for all the resources.             | `type`          |
| locations          | A list of locations for all the resources.         | `location`      |
| properties         | A list of Properties all the resources.            | `properties`    |

<superscript>*</superscript> For information on how to use filter criteria on plural resources refer to [FilterTable usage](https://github.com/inspec/inspec/blob/master/dev-docs/filtertable-usage.md).

## Examples

> ### Test that the Virtual WANs is of Standard Type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Test that the Virtual WAN type is `Standard`
```

## Syntax

An `azure_virtual_wans` resource block returns all Azure Virtual WANs in a subscription.
```ruby
describe azure_virtual_wans do
  #...
end
```

## Parameters

## Properties

|Property            | Description                                        | Filter Criteria<superscript>*</superscript> |
|--------------------|----------------------------------------------------|-----------------|
| ids                | A list of the unique resource ids.                 | `id`            |
| names              | A list of names for all the Resources.             | `name`          |
| etags              | A list of etag for all the Resources.              | `etag`          |
| types              | A list of types for all the resources.             | `type`          |
| locations          | A list of locations for all the resources.         | `location`      |
| properties         | A list of Properties all the resources.            | `properties`    |

<superscript>*</superscript> For information on how to use filter criteria on plural resources refer to [FilterTable usage](https://github.com/inspec/inspec/blob/master/dev-docs/filtertable-usage.md).

## Examples

> ### Test that There are virtual WANs of standard type

Reviewer 2: Can we give example as?

describe azure_virtual_wans do
  its('ids') { should include 'example_id' }
end

Author: ehh we have a better example just below .. and also [here](https://github.com/inspec/inspec-azure/pull/417/files/5d35bd3e9f8082ec18cb5e910ec2f94e78088ea7#diff-8441a2edee86ac64cf5d291138cb3ddc9dbdb79ce28ce8617d3d9147b6c730c1R73)
